Zigbee bindings: update path (#43902)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

Prerequisites and steps can vary depending on the device type, manufacturer, and your desired end result.
{% endnote %}

1. Go to {% my config_zha title="**Settings** > **Zigbee**" %}.
2. Select **Devices**, then select the device you want to manage bindings for.

> 3. In the options menu ({% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %}) to the right of the **Reconfigure** button, select **Manage Zigbee device**.

Author: ```suggestion
3. In the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu next to the **Reconfigure** button, select **Manage Zigbee device**.
```

4. In the pop-up dialog, select the **Bindings** tab.
5. Choose the device from the list of **Bindable devices** (or **Bindable groups**).
6. If the remote is battery-powered or low-power, wake it by pressing a button immediately before sending a command.
7. Confirm the **Bind** or **Unbind** action:

>     - To bind devices: select **Bind** (or **Bind group**).

Author: ```suggestion
    - To bind devices, select **Bind** (or **Bind group**).
```
